In this project, different python packages are used. As a first step, you have to install them by executing the following command.
$ pip install -r requirements.txt

In the following part, the usage of the provided tools is explained.
1. singlesine_Signal.py (python version of Signal.m)

$ python singlesine_Signal.py -i $dateiName -o $signal_output -frev $frev -fBB $fBB --debug
example:
$python singlesine_Signal.py -i Messung_060_TD_y_1.csv -o Signal_output.csv -frev 9e5 -fBB 5e6 --debug

where :     - Messung_060_TD_y_1.csv is the name of the input file containing the measurements.
                 - Signal_output.csv is the name of the output file generated by this tool.
                 - 9e5 that follows -frev specifies the repetition frequency.
                 - 5e6 that follow -fBB specifies the Barrier-Bucket-frequency.
                 - --debug activates the debugging mode.


2. singlesine_SineRef.py (python version of SineRef.m)

$ python singlesine_SineRef.py -i $signal_output -o $sineref_output -frev $frev -fBB $fBB --debug
example:
$ python singlesine_SineRef.py -i Signal_output.csv -o Sineref_output.csv -frev 9e5 -fBB 5e6 --debug

where :     - Signal_output.csv, the file generated by the first tool, serves as an input file for this one.
                 - Sineref_output.csv is the name of the output file generated by this tool.

3. singlesine_Verzerrungszahlen.py (python version of Verzerrungszahlen.m)

$ python singlesine_Verzerrungszahlen.py -i $dateiName -signal $signal_output -ref $sineref_output -o $verzerrungszahlen_output -frev $frev -fBB $fBB --debug
example:
$ python singlesine_Verzerrungszahlen.py -i Messung_060_TD_y_1.csv -signal Signal_output.csv -ref Sineref_output.csv -o Verzerrungszahlen_output.csv -frev 9e5 -fBB 5e6 --debug

where :     - Signal_output.csv, following -signal is the file generated by the first tool.
                - Sineref_output .csv following -ref, is the name of the output file generated by the second tool.
                - Verzerrungszahlen_output.csv is the name of the output file generated by this tool.


4. singlesine_Bewertung.py (python version of Bewertung.m)

$ python singlesine_Bewertung.py -f $flag -o $bewertung_output -frev $frev -fBB $fBB --debug

example:
$ python singlesine_Bewertung.py -f Messung_060_TD_y_1.csv -o Bewertung_output.csv -frev 9e5 -fBB 5e6 --debug

where :     - Bewertung_output.csv, following -o is the file generated by this tool.
                - Messung_060_TD_y_1.csv is the name of the input file containing the measurements.
                
5. singlesine_EingabeDatei.py (python version of EingabeDatei.m)    

$ python singlesine_EingabeDatei.py -i $input_file -f $folder_name -u 1

example: 
$ python singlesine_EingabeDatei.py -i Eingabe_K.txt -f csvDateien_K -u 1

where: 
            - Eingabe_K.txt following the -i option is the file containing the file names that need to be processed.
            - csvDateien_K is the folder name where the files are saved.
            - the u option specifies whether the Bilder folder and the Ergebnisse.xls and -.csv files should be overwritten.
        
